Where did the stunned green come out?
Take such a broken thing and want to be a miracle doctor to save people
What about the brain?
What you said is true
Ruyan, don't trust him
What he gave you was a broken lotus root
It's the garbage the vegetable market says you sell.
Don't even send me
This is no ordinary lotus root food
It was given by the third prince of Nezha
You can regenerate limbs. You can regenerate limbs.
Third Prince of Nezha
Huh please
You said it was Tianshan Snow Lotus, I believed it
Are you fooling the ghost here if you coax children like this?
Where did the magic guard come from?
Kick him out
I'm too lazy to talk nonsense with you
After taking
Transfer the money to this group
I have something else to do
Go first
Where do you get your confidence from?
Do you really think you are a miracle doctor?
Ruyan, are you crazy?
You believe everything he says
Right?
What if it doesn't work after eating it?
It's Ruyan, don't be stupid.
Are you the only seedling of the Liu family?
I don't care anymore.
If you die, just be Houma. Hey, you
Poison
Poison is poison in this regard
I remember now.
He's a live streaming host
No wonder it can't be done.
It turned out that they were all counterfeit
Go to the Wang family to settle accounts with that guy
Smoke
Smoke, smoke, are you okay?
Smoke you wake up like smoke
Are you me?
Hey
My eyes are healed.
I can see your eyes. Okay.
Did you save me?
Yes yes yes
Your voice is not after he took it
Transfer the money to this group
People from Wang's Group
What are your orders, miss?
Send someone immediately
Go and give 5,200 cash to the Wang Group Yes
Master Wu, listen to me
I asked Dr. Night God to treat you
But he's gone now.
What you said is true.
Of course it's true.
Doctor Ye Shen, this person, the dragon sees water but not the tail
Even I haven't been able to see its true face
I have to go to the Wang family to see the incoming spaceship in person